Attendees Scott, Jonas, Amy, Drago

Notes: Discussed and closed Issue #9 https://github.com/samans/draft-ybam-rfc8561bis/issues/9
related to the rfc8561bis discussion.

On the microwave-topology, need to finish the bandwidth utiliziation discussion.

Need to create updated draft and get agreement to submit it to the next IETF 114 for discussion.

Next Meeting: 9 June 2022 at Noon CEST
